Great grandma
Grandma, wake up
Doesn't Brother Born only have one daughter?
Grandma, are you alright?
Grandma, wake up
Grandma, wake up, grandma
Granny bad woman
Let go of my sister
Dare to bite me
younger sister
Drink some water
It's Zhaozhao
Don't tell Zhao Zhao about my distress
I know Mr. Fang
Zhou Yaru just attacked me and ran away. What?
My brother and sister were taken away by bad women
His grandmother was also wounded by a bad woman
What? I'll be right back. Come on
Zhu Yaru
Brother Song Nan, your daughter is in my hands
I want you to come to me alone
I can see you alone on Tuesday
Then don't kill
Call the police immediately
Xinxin is in the hands of Zhuo Errong
Xin Ying has been abused before
He must be scared now
What if Zhou Errong hurt him?
No, I have to see him alone
I'll go with you.
And Zhao Zhao and grandma
You're fine now, come find me again
Ah!
Xixi